CURRENCY
What is Currency?

  Currency is a generally accepted form of money such as coins, treasury notes, and banknotes that is in circulation as a medium of exchange.Usually, each country has its own currency. For instance, Turkey’s official currency is Turkish Lira, Japan’s is the yen. Although, Euro is used as a currency of  different European countries.Some currencies like online currency( Bitcoins) or branded currency ( credit card points) are not affiliated to any countries. Their values depend on the products they are connected to.
  A currency is called convertible if it can be converted into another currency without government restrictions. It is very important for international trade. Sometimes government  wants to control hot money flows and do not allow the currencies to participate the Foreign Exchange Market and they are not allowed to be converted.When a currency is not convertible, it is risky trade with foreigners who do not need the domestic currency. Exchange rate is used when two currencies are converted into one another.
 If a floating exchange rate regime is exercised in a country, then the value of the country's currency against foreign currencies, ie the exchange rate, is determined. If the foreign exchange is regarded as a kind of commodity, it can be seen that the exchange rate which is its price is determined according to the supply and demand rules like the price of the other commodities. In a country there is plenty of foreign currency, domestic currency is short, exchange rate is low,on the other hand, foreign exchange is scarce, domestic currency is abundant if the exchange rate is high. In the floating exchange rate regime, the exchange rates constantly rise or fall according to the movements in the market. If the value of an country loses value against the foreign currency, it is called "depreciation"; if it gains value, it is called "value appreciation".
  Foreign Exchange Market is a great market which provides trading currency to the financiers.It is decentralized and has large number of participants.Foreign Exchange Market is world’s largest financial market in which currencies are traded.(buy, sell, exchange,speculate)
The purpose of creating this market is that money from international trade can easily flow. Some important functions of FX Market are setting the prices of currencies with respect to others, financing international commerce whose transactions represent a important part of the foreign exchange market ,allowing the exchange rate to take place when investments are made in another currency and supporting the exchange of funds between countries. Therefore need of liquidity of the countries can be observed. (Liquidity is the name given to the ease with which a financial product, securities or real estate can be converted into cash.) 
 In Forex Market, currencies are quoted as currency pairs. First part is «base currency» and the second part of the quotation is «counter» or «quote currency».These currency pairs are demonstrates that how much counter currency is needed to buy one unit of base currency.The main qoute currencies in world are Euro,U.S dollar, British pound etc.The currency which usually has a low interest rate. Investors borrow the funding currency and invest in a currency with a higher interest rate. And make money on the difference between the rates.
 
 

ISO 4217 arranges the three-letter codes for representation of currencies. For instance, the three-letter code of Euro is "EUR", Russian Rouble is represented by "RUB", U.S Dollar is "USD".




International Currency Converter
An electronic program for convert one currency to another quickly. It uses the most recent rates in Forex.

5 Factors that Affect the Exchange Rates

1. Supply and Demand Factor

The most important factor affecting the exchange rate is the supply demand factor. The exchange rate / exchange rates are determined at the point where the supply and demand intersect. Foreign exchange demand of any country reflects its current deficit. The fact that the foreign currencies spent in the country are more than the foreign currencies entering the country, causes the current account deficit problem.

Foreign exchange rates move downward in a country's economy where demand is sought. On the contrary, foreign exchange rates move upwards in a country economy where demand is high.

 The higher the foreign exchange inputs (foreign exchange supply) to a country, the lower the foreign exchange prices. However, if the demand is high and the foreign exchange inflows are low, the foreign exchange prices will be higher according to the current deficit situation.


2. Inflation Factor

A rise in foreign exchange rates also affects import prices. Naturally, the rise in the exchange rate will result in an increase in the overall level of prices. In this respect, there is an important relationship between inflation and exchange rates. In the case of a country with a high inflation rate, the demand for imported goods and beverages will increase, which will result in the depreciation of the country's currency against the foreign exchange.

3. Interest Rate Factor

Another factor affecting exchange rates is the differences in interest rates. The capital shifts towards countries with high interest rates. For example, a rise in interest rates in the US causes the capital to shift to that country, which naturally amounts to the dollar, the currency of the country.

4. Capital Factor

Capital movements are among the factors influencing exchange rates. What is important here is whether capital mobility is short or long term. Short-term capital movements can be a problem for economies, while long-term capital movements have positive effects on the country's economy. From this point of view, capital movements also have significant effects on exchange rates.

5. Political and Political Factors

While determining the exchange rates is mainly economic factors, it may be enough reason for the exchange rates to move upward in political and political factors. For example, in countries where unstable political and political movements are intense, exchange rates move upwards. Nevertheless, in countries where foreign exchange reserves are strong or the supply of foreign exchange is high, political and political factors can not be attributed to the upward movement of exchange rates
...

I used online data from Quandl which demonstrates the currency exchange rates of euro and US dollar : https://www.quandl.com/data/CURRFX/EURUSD-Currency-Exchange-Rates-EUR-vs-USD

This exchange rate shows the value of 1 Euro in U.S. Dollars. This exchange rate is an amalgamation of rates from multiple sources. These include exchanges, brokerages, newspapers and central bank sources. High and Low rates are crudely estimated.

My data has 4 columns and 5381 rows
